hundreds of people leaving Central Gaza
trying to reach their homes in the north
traveling through El rashed street that
runs the length of gaza's
Coastline but their journey is cut short
by an Israeli
strike many Palestinians had heard that
the Israeli military was allowing safe
passage they said there's a return to
the north we want our homes we want our
lives we want to return whether with or
without a truth want to return
enough Israel denies offering people
access to travel instead claiming it
warned people against moving North and
saying the area is still a war zone as
it has been since the War Began on 7th
October but conditions for the 1.9
million displaced people in Central and
Southern Gaza that's 80% of the
population are so difficult many cannot
bear to remain where they are
life here is very miserable the
necessities of life are
non-existent at risk to ourselves we are
trying to return to the places we were
in before and meet our families children
and loved ones who remain there
thousands of people are in overcrowded
un shelters that were formerly schools
and many more are in tense and makeshift
shelters all with inadequate access to
running water food and toilets
we have not known Comfort since we were
displaced we want to rest and return to
our place but the journey home is
dangerous and if they manage to get
there they'll find widespread
destruction with the majority of
buildings including their homes
flattened imagin Kimber Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer